README.md, before:

# Geometry Local Data Dictionary (LDD)

The Geometry dictionary contains all geometric information in the label.

Steward: [PDS Geosciences Node](https://pds-geosciences.wustl.edu/)

## Current Source

Only one LDD source version is kept such that it can be managed by github.

- [1.D.0.0](src)

## Versions

A Local Data Dictionary (LDD) is built for selected versions of the [PDS4 Information Model](https://pds.nasa.gov/pds4/doc/im/).
The build process insures compatiblity of the LDD with the core information model.

## Builds

This LDD has been built for the following versions of the PDS4 information models.

- [1.D.0.0](build/1.D.0.0)
- [1.B.1.0](build/1.B.1.0)
- [1.B.0.0](build/1.B.0.0)

## Notes

Each build is generated using the [lddtool](https://pds.nasa.gov/tools/about/ldd/) specific to a version of the [PDS4 Information Model](https://pds.nasa.gov/datastandards/documents/im/). The build command used is:

```
lddtool -lpsnJ ldd-file.xml
```

# Contribute

Have a bug or feature request? Create one in the [PDS4 Issue Repo](https://github.com/pds-data-dictionaries/PDS4-LDD-Issue-Repo/issues/new/choose).


# Support

See the [PDS Data Dictionaries Support page](https://pds-data-dictionaries.github.io/support/) for more Support information.

Commit message:

Updates to fix broken links and refine docs
resolves pds-data-dictionaries/PDS4-LDD-Issue-Repo#137

README.md, after:

# Geometry Local Data Dictionary (LDD)

The Geometry dictionary contains all geometric information in the label.

Steward: [PDS Geosciences Node](https://pds-geosciences.wustl.edu/)

# Documentation

**User Guide:** TBD
**Other PDS Data Dictionaries Documentation:** https://pds-data-dictionaries.github.io/

## Propose Updates

See the [LDD Update Process](https://pds-data-dictionaries.github.io/development/ldd-update.html)

## Implement

To implement changes the LDD, simply update the IngestLDD under the `src/` directory, commit to a branch, push the branch to Github, and create a Pull Request. The [Github Action CI/CD](https://pds-data-dictionaries.github.io/development/ldd-build.html) will take care of the auto-generation of the schemas and schematrons.

For more information see the [LDD Build Process](https://pds-data-dictionaries.github.io/development/ldd-build.html)

## Releases

**Stable Release** (the latest released LDDs) - https://pds.nasa.gov/datastandards/dictionaries/
**Unstable Release** (the latest working, unstable build) - See the `build/development` 

## Notes

Each build is auto-generated using Github Actions, PDS4 LDDTool, and Validate Tool.


You can manually run [LDDTool](https://nasa-pds.github.io/pds4-information-model/model-lddtool/index.html) on the IngestLDD using the following command:
```
lddtool -lpsnJ src/MY_IngestLDD.xml
```

# Contribute

* Have a bug or feature request? Create one in the [PDS4 Issue Repo](https://github.com/pds-data-dictionaries/PDS4-LDD-Issue-Repo/issues/new/choose).


# Support

See the [PDS Data Dictionaries Support page](https://pds-data-dictionaries.github.io/support/) for more Support information.
